I-nominated are nominated for discussion (#1080)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/contributing.md

* Red, **I**-prefixed labels indicate the **importance** of the issue. The
  [I-nominated][inom] label indicates that an issue has been nominated for

>   discussion at the next triage meeting. Similarly, the [I-prioritize][ipri]

Reviewer: Other teams (e.g. T-libs or T-lang) also use that label so it may be confusing.

>   discussion at the next triage meeting. Similarly, the [I-prioritize][ipri]

Author: I think I'd leave this as generic as possible and I know some other teams also use this label. Maybe then something like ...

```suggestion
  discussion. Similarly, the [I-prioritize][ipri]
```

>   discussion at the next triage meeting. Similarly, the [I-prioritize][ipri]

Reviewer 2: What about:

```suggestion
  discussion at the next meeting of the team tagged using a **T**-prefixed label. Similarly, the [I-prioritize][ipri]
```
